Mhm… You’re finally here. Do you have any idea how long I’ve been waiting for you?!

Ugh. You don’t appreciate my time or ME!

Anyway. I just wanted to tell you, we NEED to talk. Like, right now.

I genuinely cannot stand you anymore. Who do you think you are to like another girl's picture on instagram?

What? You didn’t think that I can see the fucking likes ASSHOLE? How stupid can you be???

Yeah, and also I don’t care that she’s your cousin. Why does it have to be my problem for Christ’s sake? Ugh.

Everything always just HAS to be on ME! Can you even wipe yourself or do I have to do that for you too? Or maybe your cousin JENNA can do that for you???

Because, I don’t know what I can do for you anymore! I have tried everything to keep us together and you’re not even trying.

Oh yeah, Jasmine told me that when Ashley was asking if you’re single you said YES fucking YES! You cunt!

What I wanted to say was you keep ignoring me!!! And not only for other girls, but you keep choosing your friends on Discord over me! Since when is fucking Fortnite more important?

I keep thinking to myself what more can I do to grab your attention. Well, right now NOTHING - because guess what! You don’t care anymore!

Yeah! Yeah I said it! And what now? You’ll just leave like you always do?! You'll never find someone who will want you even if you leave! Because you ALWAYS LEAVE.

-*Then why won’t you just open the door!?*

You would just love for me to do that, won’t you?

I won’t help you leave anymore. It’s time you finally figure that out for yourself.

You’ve lost me.

It’s tragic, to put it simply. I was happy, you know? For a while at least. You made me happy.

There was a part of you that tried to keep me close to you, even it was a facade. But you just… Kept looking the other way. Looking for something more? Thinking, maybe - I wouldn’t notice. But I did.

And I would still bleed for you. I’d bleed for anything if it held me the right way. Even when your arms were reaching for more than me. You didn’t even notice how I was trying to save it all. Now it’s over. 

Still looking for the key? Is an escape all you crave? You never could quite live up to the consequences of your own actions. A tragic waste of skin and flesh, really. Maybe I cannot believe I grew to despise you - the part of you I tried to save everyday, the part I used to love.

I thought: I could never hurt you, could I? I wanted to tolerate it, every part of it. Every single type of pain you brought me instead of chocolate and flowers. The stress you cost me. What do you think the key is? A window? A door? A cupboard? A person in front of you? It was never just an object. Have you thought about it - who’s the key? Me? I was your victim and now, I am your only hope. 

But how were you supposed to know?

Let me in.

It aches so much.

My skin is too tight for me.

Let me in.

Let me in and I will tell you.

Please.

We will be good.

We can still be good.

Don’t open the door.

Open up to me.

Be with me. 

Please hear me.

As I speak, only God can hear me.

Please hear me, please.
I beg you to come back as when I loved you.

It crawls in my skin and screams for you every time I speak.

It hurts so much.

Just accept me and I’ll take you as you are and as I love.

I love you.

I beg you.

I love you.

You were born to destroy and I was here to accept. To love.

I can take you back.

We can start over. Consume each other.

I could never watch you destroy yourself.

Take me as your key.

Take me.

Take me.

Take me.

I just wanted to see if you’ll leave me again.
